HTML and CSS/README.md, before:

# [HTML & CSS)](https://softuni.bg/trainings/4239/html-and-css-september-2023#lesson-59678)

The purpose of the course "HTML & CSS" is to provide basic knowledge of web technologies and more specifically familiarization with HTML5 and CSS3. Basic knowledge of web development, web browsers, HTML/CSS/DOM development tools is acquired and practical skills are developed using the Web Content Description Language (HTML) and the Web Content Styling Language (CSS). Basic HTML tags, paragraphs, lists, tables, forms, controls, and semantic HTML tags are studied. Emphasis is on basic CSS selectors and styles, working with classes, presentation rules, positioning and layout rules in CSS. The latest developments in the HTML5 and CSS3 standards are covered. The course emphasizes hands-on HTML and CSS exercises that will involve students in real-world web design projects, implementing site fragments, and creating complete modern websites with a good look, modern structure, and mobile support.

## Topics

- Introduction to HTML and CSS
- Typography in CSS
- Box Model & Position
- CSS Layout - Flexbox
- Responsive Web Design
- Form & Working with Forms
- Design to Code - Workshop

## Exercises


---

[Back to top](#)

Commit message:

added `typography in css` homework

HTML and CSS/README.md, after:

# [HTML & CSS)](https://softuni.bg/trainings/4239/html-and-css-september-2023#lesson-59678)

The purpose of the course "HTML & CSS" is to provide basic knowledge of web technologies and more specifically familiarization with HTML5 and CSS3. Basic knowledge of web development, web browsers, HTML/CSS/DOM development tools is acquired and practical skills are developed using the Web Content Description Language (HTML) and the Web Content Styling Language (CSS). Basic HTML tags, paragraphs, lists, tables, forms, controls, and semantic HTML tags are studied. Emphasis is on basic CSS selectors and styles, working with classes, presentation rules, positioning and layout rules in CSS. The latest developments in the HTML5 and CSS3 standards are covered. The course emphasizes hands-on HTML and CSS exercises that will involve students in real-world web design projects, implementing site fragments, and creating complete modern websites with a good look, modern structure, and mobile support.

## Topics

- Introduction to HTML and CSS
- Typography in CSS
- Box Model & Position
- CSS Layout - Flexbox
- Responsive Web Design
- Form & Working with Forms
- Design to Code - Workshop

## Exercises

- Introduction to Html and CSS
- Typography in CSS
- Box Model and Position
- CSS Layout Flexbox
- Working with Forms

---

[Back to top](#)
